Update README.md (#278)
openSUSE/qem-dashboard: README.md

```
TEST_ONLINE=postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/postgres prove -l t/*.t t/*.t.js
```

> ### Local Development
> 
> An quick way to build and run the dashboard and its dependencies can be with docker.
> More info here https://gitlab.suse.de/qsf-u/dev-dashboard

Reviewer: "An quick way … can be with docker" is really a weird way to phrase this. The article and casing is also wrong. I'd also avoid mentioning this as first and only suggestion for local development.

```suggestion
### Further notes
A containerized environment could be used to build and run the dashboard and its dependencies.
For a concrete example, checkout the (so far) internal documentation under
https://gitlab.suse.de/qsf-u/dev-dashboard.
```
